# vintellect

vintellect landing page

Documentation:

12/19 - I decided to document my work here. I learned about key frames and animation. I added a marquee track for my hero section. I'm planning on adding another marquee track on top of my existing marquee track to act as a sort of custom border in between each picture. Right now I have the vintellect logo on top of my hero but I want to replace it with the classic header+paragraph+CTAbutton. I also want to add another marquee track under my hero with brand logos to act as testimonials. Now that I think about it, it might be too much having two marquee tracks side by side for the user to see. I will think about that more l8r.

12/19 (after hours :P) - I uploaded my project to github actions and viewed the website on my actual phone (Iphone 12 pro max) and there are some things I wanna change. The first thing I wanna change is the header. It's either the header is too large or the logo is too big. The padding for the hamburger bar is a little too much too. maybe reduce the padding by 10px? The body background can also be changed so it's the same color as the header. There's little tweeks I can change if I really wanna be picky but I think it's more important to implement most of the bare bone structure of the website before being picky with the details. I didn't have time to really add or change anything to the website today but I hope I can add some more changes maybe tonight or tomorrow morning.

02/06 - Oh me oh my... its been a while huh. Throughout the holidays I've been working on vintellect here and there. By here and there I mean revamping the whole UI haha. I wasn't satisfied with the old UI with the sliding pictures. I thought it took too much away from the message I was trying to convey. I realised though that creating the hero section was the hardest for me. I had to look up a lot of examples from other websites to eventually come up with my current design. As you can see in my HTML file, i want to make 8 different sections in the landing page and eventually expand it with different tabs and links as well as implement javaScript and make the best website ever! I will work on finishing up the rest of the sections and go from there.

02/11 - I updated the background colors and spacing for the third section. I'm planning on implementing the fourth section which is the services section. I want there to be container cards that will either display a title and subheading and when clicked, will flip revealing more information on that certain topic or, I will have a regular card that will display the title and information about that topic without the flip function. I'll play around with those two and see which one fits with the website.
